Add nonce endpoint issuer metadata (#27)
peppelinux/draft-demarco-oauth-nonce-endpoint: draft-demarco-oauth-nonce-endpoint.md

}
~~~~

## Nonce Issuer Metadata

> The Nonce Issuers that uses the nonce endpoint MUST include in their entity metadata the parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Nonce Issuers that uses the Nonce endpoint MUST include in their entity metadata the following parameter:
```

>  - **nonce_endpoint**: REQUIRED. This MUST be an HTTPS URL specifying the endpoint where clients can request a Nonce. This parameter is crucial for enabling clients to obtain the necessary Nonce to prevent replay attacks and ensure secure communication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **nonce_endpoint**: REQUIRED. This MUST be an HTTPS URL specifying the endpoint where clients can request a Nonce.
```

> Below a non-normative example of Nonce Issuer Metadata :

Reviewer: not sure about this, I would suggest to use a non-noramtive example of an OAuth 2.0 Authorization Server
